Flesh out website (#5)
catalystneuro/spike-sorting-hackathon: index.md

## Overview

This event aims to bring together spike sorting developers and experts to tackle open and unsolved spike sorting 
issues and to move the spike sorting field forward in an open and higly collaborative fashion.

Given the fast-paced and constantly evolving neurotechnology that is becoming increasingly available to 
neuroscientists across the globe, we believe that the spike sorting community should join forces to find 
novel and scalable solutions for fully reproducible and accurate spike sorting in the years to come.

In light of the recent efforts for standardization and unification of spike sorting software (especially with the 
[SpikeInterface](https://spikeinterface.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and 
[SpikeForest](https://spikeforest.flatironinstitute.org/) projects), this hackaton is expected to provide a 
tangible contribution to the electrophysiology field to make new and integrate existing tools for the community.

## Registration

> The event will be in a hybrid format. Everyone is welcome to join remotely and a total of **NUM** on-site partecipants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event will be in a hybrid format. Everyone is welcome to join remotely and a total of about 15 on-site participants
```
